Prepare packages for publishing (#590)
balancer-labs/balancer-v2-monorepo: pkg/solidity-utils/README.md

# <img src="../../logo.svg" alt="Balancer" height="128px">

# Balancer V2 Solidity Utilities

[![NPM Package](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@balancer-labs/v2-solidity-utils.svg)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/@balancer-labs/v2-solidity-utils)

> This package contains Solidity utilities and libraries used when developing Balancer V2 contracts. Many design decisions and trade-offs have been made in the context of Balancer V2's requirements and constraints (such as reduced bytecode size), which may make these libraries not suitable for other projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package contains Solidity utilities and libraries used when developing Balancer V2 contracts. Many design decisions and trade-offs have been made in the context of Balancer V2's requirements and constraints (such as reduced bytecode size), which may make these libraries unsuitable for other projects.
```
